tidy link checking (#148)
edgelesssys/constellation: .github/docs/README.md

* `$GraphAppId` in this article is for Microsoft Graph. Azure AD Graph is `00000002-0000-0000-c000-000000000000`
* Note that changing permissions can take between few seconds to several hours

> Store output of `az ad sp ...` in GitHub Action Secret or create a local secret file for act to consume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store output of `az ad sp ...` in a GitHub Action Secret called `AZURE_E2E_CREDENTIALS`. If you are using act, you can specify the secret either via `-s AZURE_E2E_CREDENTIALS=value` or by using a local secrets file which act can consume by specifying it with `--secret-file my.secrets`.
```
Or something similar, my suggestion is quite a wordy. 

There's also the `AZURE_E2E_CLIENT_SECRET` or, for GCP, the `GCP_CLUSTER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` part missing which goes into the Constellation config. We would need to update this, too. Otherwise the tests won't run.

Author: Your suggestion looks ok to me. I don't know about how the other secrets work. Maybe I merge this PR and you can fix all of this in another one?

Reviewer: Sure, we can also do it like this.
